Property Grid: Features performance tracking (#807)
iTwin/viewer-components-react: packages/itwin/property-grid/README.md

![Widget search bar expanded](./media/search-bar-filtering.png)

Note that when the search bar is closed, the filter is discarded and all properties are visible again.

## Performance tracking

Components from this package allows consumers to track performance of the some features.

This can be achieved by passing `onPerformanceMeasured` function to `PropertyGridComponent` or `PropertyGridUiItemsProvider`. `onPerformanceMeasured` function is invoked with feature id and time elapsed. List of tracked features:

* `"properties-load"` - time it takes to load properties data after selection changes.
* `"elements-list-load"` - time it takes to populate elements list when multiple elements are selected.

Example:

```ts
new PropertyGridUiItemsProvider({
  propertyGridProps: {
    onPerformanceMeasured: (feature, elapsedTime) => {
      telemetryClient.log(`PropertyGrid [${feature}] took ${elapsedTime} ms`);
    },
  },
});
```

> `TelemetryContextProvider` should be added when individual components are used without `PropertyGridUiItemsProvider`:

Reviewer: To me this sounds like using `TelemetryContextProvider` is mandatory, I suggest this change:

```suggestion
To track performance of individual components when using them directly, rather than through `PropertyGridUiItemsProvider`, the `onPerformanceMeasured` callback should be supplied through `TelemetryContextProvider`:
```
